the 2013 Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution is
unchanged from the 2012 model we're
happy to report that the car enthusiasts
call the Evo is alive and well and
remains one of the most thrilling rides
you can buy it's got a race inspired
exterior so nobody will ever confuse it
with the button-downs socially
responsible normal answer that is based
on the GSR which is what you're driving
today comes with this large aggressive
rear wing while the mr receives a more
sensible rear lip spoiler the 2013
Lancer Evolution is loaded up with
standard equipment that enhances the
entire Evo experience but the overall
level of quality in here it's
unimpressive to say the least
fake the rental car fortunately
Mitsubishi used interface save the day
on the technology front and it doesn't
cost
the 291 horsepower 2-liter turbo for the
streamer that sends power through
Mitsubishi sophisticated all-wheel drive
system a conventional 5-speed manual
transmission is standard of the GSR but
we actually prefer the 6-speed
dual-clutch automated manual that's in
the mr either way you won't get
award-winning gas mileage the Lancer
Evolution guzzles of gas despite its
four-cylinder engine the base GSR comes
with a $34,000 plus price tag while the
Mr starts further upstream at over
$37,000 before you buy you should try
the equally rowdy Subaru WRX STI or the
pocket rocket mini cooper john cooper
works the 2013 mitsubishi lancer is a
compact performance car that makes few
compromises understand that its sole
purpose is to accelerate corner and
brake like a race car and if you can
overlook the low budget interior the
stiff ride and the pricey window sticker
you'll wind up with a car that serves up
a driving experience unlike any you've
ever had
you